why did you introduce a major change to our taxation system from sales tax to gst without a referendum i do know at the time you said because you had been elected you had a mandate from the people but to do what you want if any responsible leader of any country were to dramatically change that taxation system then don't you agree that the change ought to be ratified by the people's vote on that very critical change or is it a dictitorial decision that because i am your leader then i will do what ever i want because the majority in this case not elected me i found and still find that decision reprehensible mr howard i trust that you will have a peaceful retirement from having to make decisions and overide the needs of the australian people in spite of their well being and best interests we have paid far too much and far too well for your dotage yes remember him saying there will never ever be a gst under my government the old core and non core promises had to love janette recently saying in defense of her deceitful hubby that sometimes he just says he's going to do something but that doesn't mean he is going to really or something hilarious to that effect it was inevitable since the asprey report in the 's that under a liberal government at some point we were going to get a high revenue raising broad based tax such as gst of which a greater burden is borne by low income earners because it is not a progressive tax liberals opposed the labor introduced capital gains tax which is essentially a tax on wealth and is fair under our progressive tax system i e the greater your means are the more tax you pay that nicely illustrates the traditional difference between the parties as far as their views on social welfare and equity are concerned 
 Flat tax John Howard Tax Progressive tax Taxation in the United States Democracy Microeconomics Supply-side economics Goods and Services Tax (Canada) Liberal Party of Canada Canadian federal election.
Construction is the process of constructing a building or infrastructure. Construction differs from manufacturing in that manufacturing typically involves mass production of similar items without a designated purchaser, while construction typically takes place on location for a known client. Construction as an industry comprises six to nine percent of the gross domestic product of developed countries. Construction starts with planning,[citation needed] design, and financing and continues until the project is built and ready for use.Large-scale construction requires collaboration across multiple disciplines. An architect normally manages the job, and a construction manager, design engineer, construction engineer or project manager supervises it. For the successful execution of a project, effective planning is essential. Those involved with the design and execution of the infrastructure in question must consider zoning requirements, the environmental impact of the job, the successful scheduling, budgeting, construction-site safety, availability and transportation of building materials, logistics, inconvenience to the public caused by construction delays and bidding, etc. The largest construction projects are referred to as megaprojects.In general, there are three sectors of construction: buildings, infrastructure and industrial. Building construction is usually further divided into residential and non-residential (commercial/institutional). Infrastructure is often called heavy/highway, heavy civil or heavy engineering. It includes large public works, dams, bridges, highways, water/wastewater and utility distribution. Industrial includes refineries, process chemical, power generation, mills and manufacturing plants. There are other ways to break the industry into sectors or markets.Engineering News-Record (ENR) is a trade magazine for the construction industry. Each year, ENR compiles and reports on data about the size of design and construction companies. They publish a list of the largest companies in the United States (Top-40) and also a list the largest global firms (Top-250, by amount of work they are doing outside their home country). In 2014, ENR compiled the data in nine market segments. It was divided as transportation, petroleum, buildings, power, industrial, water, manufacturing, sewer/waste, telecom, hazardous waste plus a tenth category for other projects. In their reporting on the Top 400, they used data on transportation, sewer, hazardous waste and water to rank firms as heavy contractors.The Standard Industrial Classification and the newer North American Industry Classification System have a classification system for companies that perform or otherwise engage in construction. To recognize the differences of companies in this sector, it is divided into three subsectors: building construction, heavy and civil engineering construction, and specialty trade contractors. There are also categories for construction service firms (e.g., engineering, architecture) and construction managers (firms engaged in managing construction projects without assuming direct financial responsibility for completion of the construction project)Building construction is the process of adding structure to real property or construction of buildings. The majority of building construction jobs are small renovations, such as addition of a room, or renovation of a bathroom. Often, the owner of the property acts as laborer, paymaster, and design team for the entire project. Although building construction projects typically include various common elements, such as design, financial, estimating and legal considerations, many projects of varying sizes reach undesirable end results, such as structural collapse, cost overruns, and/or litigation. For this reason, those with experience in the field make detailed plans and maintain careful oversight during the project to ensure a positive outcome.